README.md, before:

![github-ps-delivery-48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2089743/185767087-4ac37f9d-83dd-4b42-ba04-402279ca3bda.jpg)

# gh-montage

A `gh` extension to generate GitHub user avatar montage from an organization or organization team.

I must give thanks to [@martinwoodward](https://github.com/martinwoodward) because [his gist](https://gist.github.com/martinwoodward/288812fa142e0b1153f60b9555b3d978) was the foundation for this extension!  Thank you so much, Martin, for finding creative and clever ways to showcase GitHub users! :bow:

## Quickstart

1. Download and install [ImageMagick][imagemagick] 7.1.0 or newer
   - [Linux][imagemagick-download-linux]
   - [Mac OS][imagemagick-download-macos]
   - [Windows][imagemagick-download-windows]
1. `gh extension install andyfeller/gh-montage`
1. `gh montage <organization>`
1. Profit! :moneybag: :money_with_wings: :money_mouth_face: :money_with_wings: :moneybag:

## Usage

```shell
$ gh montage --help

Generate montage from GitHub user avatars.

USAGE
  gh-montage [options] <organization>
  gh-montage [options] <organization>/<team>

FLAGS
  -a, --avatar-pixels <integer>       Size of GitHub avatar icons in pixels; default '48'
  -d, --debug                         Enable debugging
  -f, --force                         Whether to overwrite output file if it exists
  -m, --montage-width <integer>       Width of GitHub montage in number of avatar icons; default '58'
  -o, --output-file <output-file>     Name of GitHub montage file to generate, without '.jpg' extension
  -p, --preserve                      Preserve temporary directory containing data
```

## Setup

Like any other `gh` CLI extension, `gh-montage` is trivial to install or upgrade and works on most operating systems:

- **Installation**

  ```shell
  gh extension install andyfeller/gh-montage
  ```
  
  _For more information: [`gh extension install`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_extension_install)_

- **Upgrade**

  ```shell
  gh extension upgrade gh-montage
  ```

  _For more information: [`gh extension upgrade`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_extension_upgrade)_

[ImageMagick][imagemagick] 7.1.0-45 was used at the time of development and is likely the most involved depending on your operating system:

- [Linux][imagemagick-download-linux]
- [Mac OS][imagemagick-download-macos]
- [Windows][imagemagick-download-windows]

[imagemagick]: https://imagemagick.org
[imagemagick-download-linux]: https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#linux
[imagemagick-download-macos]: https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#macosx
[imagemagick-download-windows]: https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#windows

Commit message:

Add support for username file
This commit expands the variations of how we find users to use for the montage
to include a list of usernames. Because we are not retrieving these usernames
from the API ourself, the script will fail as soon as any invalid username is
encountered. Additionally, it will determine the montage image name based on
the input file provided, which can be overridden.

README.md, after:

![github-ps-delivery-48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2089743/185767087-4ac37f9d-83dd-4b42-ba04-402279ca3bda.jpg)

# gh-montage

A `gh` extension to generate GitHub user avatar montage from an organization or organization team.

I must give thanks to [@martinwoodward](https://github.com/martinwoodward) because [his gist](https://gist.github.com/martinwoodward/288812fa142e0b1153f60b9555b3d978) was the foundation for this extension!  Thank you so much, Martin, for finding creative and clever ways to showcase GitHub users! :bow:

## Quickstart

1. Download and install [ImageMagick][imagemagick] 7.1.0 or newer
   - [Linux][imagemagick-download-linux]
   - [Mac OS][imagemagick-download-macos]
   - [Windows][imagemagick-download-windows]
1. `gh extension install andyfeller/gh-montage`
1. `gh montage <organization>`
1. Profit! :moneybag: :money_with_wings: :money_mouth_face: :money_with_wings: :moneybag:

## Usage

> **Note**
> Processing username files assumes 1 username per line and will fail if any username is invalid.
> This is because `gh-montage` is not retrieving usernames from GitHub API before processing them.

```shell
$ gh montage --help

Generate montage from GitHub user avatars.

USAGE
  gh montage [options] <organization>
  gh montage [options] <organization>/<team>
  gh montage [options] <path/to/username file>

FLAGS
  -a, --avatar-pixels <integer>       Size of GitHub avatar icons in pixels; default '48'
  -d, --debug                         Enable debugging
  -f, --force                         Whether to overwrite output file if it exists
  -h, --help                          Displays help usage
  -m, --montage-width <integer>       Width of GitHub montage in number of avatar icons; default '58'
  -o, --output-file <output-file>     Name of GitHub montage file to generate, without '.jpg' extension
  -p, --preserve                      Preserve temporary directory containing data
```

## Setup

Like any other `gh` CLI extension, `gh-montage` is trivial to install or upgrade and works on most operating systems:

- **Installation**

  ```shell
  gh extension install andyfeller/gh-montage
  ```
  
  _For more information: [`gh extension install`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_extension_install)_

- **Upgrade**

  ```shell
  gh extension upgrade gh-montage
  ```

  _For more information: [`gh extension upgrade`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_extension_upgrade)_

[ImageMagick][imagemagick] 7.1.0-45 was used at the time of development and is likely the most involved depending on your operating system:

- [Linux][imagemagick-download-linux]
- [Mac OS][imagemagick-download-macos]
- [Windows][imagemagick-download-windows]

[imagemagick]: https://imagemagick.org
[imagemagick-download-linux]: https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#linux
[imagemagick-download-macos]: https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#macosx
[imagemagick-download-windows]: https://imagemagick.org/script/download.php#windows
